dx-872 added more info in updateOrder (#454)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/payment-order-other-features.md

### Update Order

> `Updateorder` is used when there is a change in the amount, vat amount or
> added/removed order items in a payment order. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `UpdateOrder` operation is used when there is a change in the amount, vat
amount or there are added or removed order items in the payment order. 
```

{% include alert.html type="informative" icon="info" body="If you implement 
`UpdateOrder` you need to `refresh()` the 

> [Payment Menu front end][payment-menu-front-end]

Reviewer: Does reference links work with `include` or does this have to be converted to an inline link?

Author: I dont think we need this link at all

> **only if** it is performed asynchronously with AJAX or in another tab, so that 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if the payment order is updated asynchronously with AJAX or in another browser tab, so that 
```

> the new amount is shown to the end customer." %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the new amount is shown to the payer." %}
```

> If the page is alreasy refreshed, `refresh()` is not necessary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the page is refreshed by a full page reload, `refresh()` is not necessary. 
```

> In case the shopping cart is changed in another tab, that should also lead to an 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the shopping cart is changed in another browser tab, that should also lead to an 
```

| └➔&nbsp;`description`             | `string(40)` | {% include field-description-description.md documentation_section="card" %}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| └➔&nbsp;`payerReference`          | `string`     | The reference to the payer (consumer/end-user) from the merchant system, like e-mail address, mobile number, customer number etc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | └➔&nbsp;`userAgent`               | `string`     | The [user agent][user-agent-definition] string of the consumer's browser.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: Codacy found an issue: [[no-undefined-references] Found reference to undefined definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5734476)

| └➔&nbsp;`description`             | `string(40)` | {% include field-description-description.md documentation_section="card" %}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| └➔&nbsp;`payerReference`          | `string`     | The reference to the payer (consumer/end-user) from the merchant system, like e-mail address, mobile number, customer number etc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | └➔&nbsp;`userAgent`               | `string`     | The [user agent][user-agent-definition] string of the consumer's browser.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: Codacy found an issue: [[no-undefined-references] Found reference to undefined definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5734476)

| └─➔&nbsp;`href`                   | `string`     | The target URI to perform the operation against.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| └─➔&nbsp;`rel`                    | `string`     | The name of the relation the operation has to the current resource.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

The response given when changing a payment order is equivalent to a `GET`
request towards the `paymentorders` resource,
[as displayed above][payment-orders-resource]. Even though the fields are the

> same, the `UpdateOrder` request will overwrite the fields were sent in 
> the create `Purchase` request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
same, the `UpdateOrder` request will overwrite the fields thart were sent in 
the initial `Purchase` request.
```
